Update Python AWS Lambda integration docs. (#8246)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/integrations/aws-lambda/manual-layer/index.mdx

---
title: AWS Lambda Layer
description: "Learn how to manually set up Sentry with a Layer"
sidebar_order: 1000
---

You can add Sentry to your AWS Lambda function by adding the Sentry AWS Lambda Layer to your function.

> ## Install the layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install The Layer
```

Navigate to your Lambda function:

> ![](lambda-function-detail.png)

Reviewer: Is there any way to make the text in these screenshots a bit bigger? It's really hard to read.

Scroll down to the **Layers** section and click **Add a Layer**:

> ![](lambda-function-detail-layers.png)

Reviewer: Is there any way to make the text in these screenshots a bit bigger? It's really hard to read.

**Specify an ARN** tab as illustrated:

![](lambda-function-add-layer.png)

Finally, set the region and copy the provided ARN value into the input.

<LambdaLayerDetail canonical="aws-layer:python" />

## Configure the Sentry SDK

> For Sentry to instrument your Lambda function you need to change the handler of your function and set the Sentry DSN using environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Sentry to instrument your Lambda function, you need to change the handler of your function and set the Sentry DSN using environment variables.
```

### Set the Sentry Handler

The Sentry layer will wrap your function handler to initialise the Sentry SDK in your function.

> In you Lambda function scroll to **Runtime settings** and click **Edit**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In you Lambda function, scroll to **Runtime settings** and click **Edit**:
```

> ![](lambda-function-runtime-settings.png)

Reviewer: Is there any way to make the text in these screenshots a bit bigger? It's really hard to read.

Author: I have now updated the screenshot to have bigger fonts.

> Note your current **Handler** and change it to `sentry_sdk.integrations.init_serverless_sdk.sentry_lambda_handler`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note your current **Handler** and change it to:`sentry_sdk.integrations.init_serverless_sdk.sentry_lambda_handler`:
```

![](runtime-settings-handler.png)

> After saving open the "Configuration" tab of your Lambda function and set `SENTRY_INITIAL_HANDLER` to the handler you noted before:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After leavving the "Configuration" tab of your Lambda function open and setting `SENTRY_INITIAL_HANDLER` to the handler you noted before:
```
I'm not sure what the instructions are after this. If they're supposed to be visible in the image I unfortunately can't read them b/c they're too small :(

> ![](lambda-function-configuration.png)

Reviewer: Is there any way to make the text in these screenshots a bit bigger? It's really hard to read.

Author: I have now updated the screenshot to have bigger fonts.

### Configuration Options

> Make sure that at least `SENTRY_DSN` and `SENTRY_INITIAL_HANDLER` (see "Set the Sentry Handler" above) is set in your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that `SENTRY_DSN` and `SENTRY_INITIAL_HANDLER` are set in your environment at minimum. See "Set the Sentry Handler" above for more information.
```

<PlatformContent includePath="aws-lambda-environment" />

## Verify

> Deriberately add an error to you function and run it. The error is now captured and sent to Sentry.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an error to you function and run it. If everything's working properly, it should be captured and sent to Sentry.io.
```
